throughout the world outdoor living
space has always been precious and over
the years many types of covering systems
have been used yet most block light will
make the space below uncomfortably hot
while others are fixed and inflexible or
a too weak to handle wind and rain 25
years ago in Australia engineers in the
aeronautical industry designed a
louvered roof opening system inspired by
an aircraft wing exceptionally strong
weather resistant yet light in weight
and fully adjustable combined with
smooth reliable and precise operation
this new adjustable design provided heat
and sound insulation as well as complete
control over light direct sun shade and
ventilation the remarkable voegler
system was born recognized by
prestigious Design Awards burglar has
tamed the elements for a generation
allowing thousands of Australian
families and businesses to use their
outdoor space all year round whatever
the weather now Vergara is available in
Spain for residential and commercial use
with an infinitely variable number of
settings using the handheld or fixed
remote controller burglar gives you
flexible control over the natural light
and ventilation of your outdoor space
without the greenhouse effect so often
found with traditional polycarbonate or
retractable roofs thanks to its unique
design burglar can be used horizontally
vertically or pitched freestanding
or incorporated into existing structures
transforming any outdoor space into a
comfortable living or working
environment at Verglas heart are the
overlapping louvers made from colorbond
an advanced steel product coated with
many weather protective and finishing
layers including zinc column which gives
the Louvre's a smooth and stylish
appearance making them virtually
maintenance-free virgle louvre which can
rotate from clothes through 155 degrees
can be set at different angles for some
partial or complete shade at the same
time allowing cooling air in or out of
the area
neath burglar smart design gives heat
and sound insulation as well as complete
control of a light direct sun shade and
ventilation the fully programmable rain
center will automatically close the
burglar at the first signs of rain
burglar offers true indoor/outdoor
living
each burglar installation is
individually tailored to your property
whatever the size or shape of your space
a burglar system will be designed to fit
the support structure for the burglar
can be of any suitable material to
complement perfectly the surroundings
weather stone brick wood or anything
else the burglar automatic roof system
is exceptionally versatile and is easily
tailored to a range of public commercial
and residential settings the possible
application areas are almost endless
including terraces balconies patios
courtyards swimming pools and barbecue
areas in fact any outdoor space whether
commercial or residential in Spain and
the islands Vergara has teams of
designers installers and after sales
staff all fully trained in the burglar
system to ensure that your installation
gives you many years of trouble-free
service all backed by a 10-year
guarantee come wind rain or shine enjoy
outdoor living all year round with
burglar